Add Sentry (#89)
yissachar/awesome-dart: README.md

* [Freezed](https://github.com/rrousselGit/freezed) - Code generation for immutable classes that has a simple syntax/API without compromising on the features.

## Crash monitoring

> * [Sentry](https://sentry.io/) - Sentry provides self-hosted and cloud-based error monitoring that helps all software teams discover, triage, and prioritize errors in real-time.

Reviewer: Thanks for the contribution! Can you link to https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dart instead please?

Author: thanks and done :)

> * [Sentry](https://sentry.io/) - Sentry provides self-hosted and cloud-based error monitoring that helps all software teams discover, triage, and prioritize errors in real-time.

Author: ```suggestion
* [Sentry](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dart) - Sentry provides self-hosted and cloud-based error monitoring that helps all software teams discover, triage, and prioritize errors in real-time.
```
